Loading custom names for lamps (#40)
dgomes/dali2mqtt: README.md

                        Number of lamps to scan
  --ha-discover-prefix HA_DISCOVER_PREFIX
                        HA discover mqtt prefix
  --log-level {critical,error,warning,info,debug}  
                        Log level  
  --log-color Coloring output
```

### Devices friendly names
Default all lamps will be displayed in Home Assistant by short address, numbers from 0 to 63

> You can give lamps special names to identify lamps by name. After first run of script, `devices.yaml` with all lamps will created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can give lamps special names to help you identify lamps by name. On the first execution, `devices.yaml` file will be create with all lamps available.
```

> Example of filled `devices.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example `devices.yaml`:
```

```yaml
0: 
  "friendly_name": "Lamp in kitchen"
8:
  "friendly_name": "Lamp in bathroom"
```

> If you want use lamps by post messages on MQTT, remember that friendly names are converted to slug strings, so lamp with address 0 (from example) in MQTT will be named "lamp-in-kitchen"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that MQTT topics support a minimum set of characters, therefore friendly names are converted to slug strings, so a lamp with address 0 (as an example) in MQTT will be named "lamp-in-kitchen"
```
